---
title: Blog of Night @ the Museum
layout: default
description: The blog of things I've saw in the N@TM
image: /images/rapidapi.png
categories: []
tags: [n@tm]
---

This year was my first in-person Night at the Museum, and it was pretty fun! I arrived a bit late since I had a class prior, and I wasn't able to see everything. Still, it was nice.

## APCSA
I arrived at APCSA, there were a lot of good ones, and from what I can see there are a lot of quizzes, I played a couple of them. One of them is like an actual Kahoot quiz, so that's pretty fun. The quiz showcased some questions at the right and options in colors at the right. When you get one right, you are able to get scores, with more streaks the more points. I played a couple rounds, and it was really nicely made.

## Photography
I really like a lot of the photos, especially the ones that are of. I especially liked the black and white ones, they have a really nice atmosphere. This one about the sunset was pretty beautiful too, with the dark blue colors of the sky and the bright orange of the clouds and the setting sun.

## 3D Animation
When I got here, the main tour is over, but I still saw all of the donuts and the rooms. One particular one is this one room render that was white on one side and all dark and green on the other. Really nice! I aslo liked the big display, which showed a women waking from her sleep, and then it shows the modeling process, and it really showed how much time went into the making

## Future Projects
I would want to construct a card game at one of the pages, it will feature the normal cards with images and a set of rules and an AI that you can play against. I want to make that project.